README.md, before:

Installation
------------
You need a standalone ruby interpreter. Automatic download/update of bundles is handled by a ruby script.
It's fine to have a vim without ruby support.

Installation is performed by user, and not system-wide. Your old `.vim/` and `.vimrc` files are saved
as `~/.$file-name.%date%.old` . To install, simple input this commands:

    $ git clone git://github.com/mmacia/dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles
    $ cd ~/.dotfiles
    $ ./setup.sh

And you're done! You may wanna edit your `~/.vimrc` or `~/.vimrc-keymaps` , but i've already provided it
with sensible defaults ;)

Note that if you want to use Command-T plugin, first you have to install the packages `ruby-dev` and `gcc`. 
This plugin needs to compile a small part of native code, although this compilation is managed internaly by the 
update process, it can cause errors if the compiler or development files are not installed. Please read the Command-T 
[documentation](https://wincent.com/products/command-t) for a full description of installation requirements. 

Managing plugins/bundles
------------------------
   
This is a modern vim, you know? This means that that horrible mess sitting in your `.vim/` folder is not
there anymore. Each plugin (i like to call it `bundles`) resides in it own container, inside `bundle/bundle-name`.
Nice isn't? 

A helper is included to manage bundles and stay them always updated. This is provided by the useful ruby
script [vim-update-bundles](http://github.com/bronson/vim-update-bundles "Vim-update-bundles"), which works with git
repositories. A [mirror](http://vim-scripts.org "vim-scripts") is provided to all plugins in `www.vim.org`, 
so you can use all plugins from `www.vim.org` without further problems. 

### How do I install new bundles?

First, you need to make sure that the bundle you want is in a git repository. 
Try to find your plugin/bundle [here](http://vim-scripts.org/vim/scripts.html "vim-scripts").

Now, open your `vimrc` and add the following line

    # Bundle http://path-to-the-git-repository

And now run `:UpdateBundles` inside vim.

Read the `vim-update-bundles` linked above to more detailed syntax.

### How do I remove a bundle ?

Open your `vimrc` and remove the specific bundle line. Run `:UpdateBundles` again, and you're 
done :)

### What about updating my bundles ?

Just run `:UpdateBundles` inside vim.

### How do i know what bundles/versions are installed?

    :help bundles

Commit message:

vimrc sample for symfony2 projects

README.md, after:

Installation
------------
You need a standalone ruby interpreter. Automatic download/update of bundles is handled by a ruby script.
It's fine to have a vim without ruby support.

Installation is performed by user, and not system-wide. Your old `.vim/` and `.vimrc` files are saved
as `~/.$file-name.%date%.old` . To install, simple input this commands:

    $ git clone git://github.com/mmacia/dotfiles.git ~/.dotfiles
    $ cd ~/.dotfiles
    $ ./setup.sh

And you're done! You may wanna edit your `~/.vimrc` or `~/.vimrc-keymaps` , but i've already provided it
with sensible defaults ;)

Note that if you want to use Command-T plugin, first you have to install the packages `ruby-dev` and `gcc`. 
This plugin needs to compile a small part of native code, although this compilation is managed internaly by the 
update process, it can cause errors if the compiler or development files are not installed. Please read the Command-T 
[documentation](https://wincent.com/products/command-t) for a full description of installation requirements. 

Managing plugins/bundles
------------------------
   
This is a modern vim, you know? This means that that horrible mess sitting in your `.vim/` folder is not
there anymore. Each plugin (i like to call it `bundles`) resides in it own container, inside `bundle/bundle-name`.
Nice isn't? 

A helper is included to manage bundles and stay them always updated. This is provided by the useful ruby
script [vim-update-bundles](http://github.com/bronson/vim-update-bundles "Vim-update-bundles"), which works with git
repositories. A [mirror](http://vim-scripts.org "vim-scripts") is provided to all plugins in `www.vim.org`, 
so you can use all plugins from `www.vim.org` without further problems. 

Overwrite defaults per project
------------------------------

You can customize properties such as smarttabs, tabstop, etc. in each of your projects. Just drop your customized 
`.vimrc` file in your project root directory and vim will load your new properties. As simple as it sounds!

I provided a sample called `vimrc.sf2.sample` suited for Symfony2 projects.


### How do I install new bundles?

First, you need to make sure that the bundle you want is in a git repository. 
Try to find your plugin/bundle [here](http://vim-scripts.org/vim/scripts.html "vim-scripts").

Now, open your `vimrc` and add the following line

    # Bundle http://path-to-the-git-repository

And now run `:UpdateBundles` inside vim.

Read the `vim-update-bundles` linked above to more detailed syntax.

### How do I remove a bundle ?

Open your `vimrc` and remove the specific bundle line. Run `:UpdateBundles` again, and you're 
done :)

### What about updating my bundles ?

Just run `:UpdateBundles` inside vim.

### How do i know what bundles/versions are installed?

    :help bundles
